Grading.md, before:

# Grading  
## Project Structure
Does your project have the artifacts we exepect and can you find them?
- We have a [MIT License](LICENSE) 
- We have a [README](README.md)
- We have an [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/issues)
- We have a private [discussion forum](https://chat.rcos.io/open-source/channels/beirrun) for developers
- We have a public [discussion forum](https://discordapp.com/invite/8amPvy) for all

Does you have a public repostory for your project?
- We have a [Repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)  

Does your project have testing and/or continous integration and do you use it?
- We have set up a [Website](https://max-escaler.github.io/BeirRun/) and are use beta testing. Our first beta session is (4/26/2019) during our presentation

Does your project have a contributions guidelines and can you find them?
- We have a [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and it is located in the repostiroy and linked in the README.md  

Does your proejct have a website and can you find them?
- We have a [Website](https://max-escaler.github.io/BeirRun/) and there are mutliple links through out the repository including one in our README.md  

Does your project have a Code of Conduct and can you find it?  
- We have a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and it is located in the repository and linked in the README.md 

Does your project have a style guidelines document and can you find it?
-  We have a [Style Guide](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/blob/master/Style%20Guide.md) and it is located in the repository and linked in the README.md

Does your project have comunications channels and can you find them?  
- We have a private [discussion forum](https://chat.rcos.io/open-source/channels/beirrun) for developers
- We also have a private Group Me group chat for developers
- We have a public [discussion forum](https://discordapp.com/invite/8amPvy) for all and is linked in the README.md

## Contributions 
### Max Escaler  
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Play Tested  
- Implemented and deployed website  
- Styled [website](https://max-escaler.github.io/BeirRun/)  
- Made presentation  

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- foo

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- Learned processing
- foo

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- foo

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat  

### Issac Kim
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Implemented basic player controls  
- Implemented the setting of hte drunkness level  
- Implemented the menus of the game    

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- foo

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- foo

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- foo

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat  

### Cameron Riley  
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Implemented pickup superclass  
- Implemented drink subclass  
- Implemented currently unused powerup/food subclass  
- Implemented drink/pickup/spawns/moving/drunk effect
- Implemented score counter
- Implemented timer

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- foo

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- Learned processing
- foo

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- Assisted in writing blog post 3

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat  

### Edwin Wallis  
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Play Tested  
- Produced all animations (Ed, Cam, Issac, Max, Beer for O'Murphy's, Beer for BeirMeadow, Pretzel, Shot, Water, BeirMeadow, and O'Murphy's) 
- Wrote Documentations for [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- Wrote Documentations for Grading.md (this document)
- Wrote Documentations for [README.md](README.md)
- Wrote Documenations for [Style Guide.md](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/blob/master/Style%20Guide.md)
- Added [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to repository 
- Added [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) to reposistory 

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- Wrote Documentations for [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- Wrote Documentations for Grading.md (this document)
- Wrote Documentations for [README.md](README.md)
- Wrote Documenations for [Style Guide.md]

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- Learned how to produce good animations. I used [this](https://www.pixilart.com) to make images.  
- Learned how to distort images  

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- Wrote Documentations for [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- Hard to document how to make animations  

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat

Commit message:

Added in my portion of the grading.md

Grading.md, after:

# Grading  
## Project Structure
Does your project have the artifacts we exepect and can you find them?
- We have a [MIT License](LICENSE) 
- We have a [README](README.md)
- We have an [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/issues)
- We have a private [discussion forum](https://chat.rcos.io/open-source/channels/beirrun) for developers
- We have a public [discussion forum](https://discordapp.com/invite/8amPvy) for all

Does you have a public repostory for your project?
- We have a [Repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)  

Does your project have testing and/or continous integration and do you use it?
- We have set up a [Website](https://max-escaler.github.io/BeirRun/) and are use beta testing. Our first beta session is (4/26/2019) during our presentation

Does your project have a contributions guidelines and can you find them?
- We have a [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and it is located in the repostiroy and linked in the README.md  

Does your proejct have a website and can you find them?
- We have a [Website](https://max-escaler.github.io/BeirRun/) and there are mutliple links through out the repository including one in our README.md  

Does your project have a Code of Conduct and can you find it?  
- We have a [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and it is located in the repository and linked in the README.md 

Does your project have a style guidelines document and can you find it?
-  We have a [Style Guide](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/blob/master/Style%20Guide.md) and it is located in the repository and linked in the README.md

Does your project have comunications channels and can you find them?  
- We have a private [discussion forum](https://chat.rcos.io/open-source/channels/beirrun) for developers
- We also have a private Group Me group chat for developers
- We have a public [discussion forum](https://discordapp.com/invite/8amPvy) for all and is linked in the README.md

## Contributions 
### Max Escaler  
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Play Tested  
- Implemented and deployed website  
- Styled [website](https://max-escaler.github.io/BeirRun/)  
- Made presentation  

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- Worked on Grading.md document

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- Learned processing
- Learned basic web development, HTML, CSS, React

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- I have committed my changes to the website

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat as well as private channels  

### Issac Kim
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Implemented basic player controls  
- Implemented the setting of hte drunkness level  
- Implemented the menus of the game    

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- foo

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- foo

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- foo

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat  

### Cameron Riley  
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Implemented pickup superclass  
- Implemented drink subclass  
- Implemented currently unused powerup/food subclass  
- Implemented drink/pickup/spawns/moving/drunk effect
- Implemented score counter
- Implemented timer

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- foo

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- Learned processing
- foo

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- Assisted in writing blog post 3

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat  

### Edwin Wallis  
How much have you contributed locally and/or offered back to the external community?  
- Play Tested  
- Produced all animations (Ed, Cam, Issac, Max, Beer for O'Murphy's, Beer for BeirMeadow, Pretzel, Shot, Water, BeirMeadow, and O'Murphy's) 
- Wrote Documentations for [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- Wrote Documentations for Grading.md (this document)
- Wrote Documentations for [README.md](README.md)
- Wrote Documenations for [Style Guide.md](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun/blob/master/Style%20Guide.md)
- Added [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to repository 
- Added [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) to reposistory 

How big is your codebase, are you using it effectively and with the appropriate interfaces?   
- Most code is in [repository](https://github.com/meowskers/BeirRun)

Have you generated any documentation for the project and is your code easily understood?  
- Wrote Documentations for [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- Wrote Documentations for Grading.md (this document)
- Wrote Documentations for [README.md](README.md)
- Wrote Documenations for [Style Guide.md]

Did you need to learn new technologies? Did you document your learning path in a tutorial?  
- Learned how to produce good animations. I used [this](https://www.pixilart.com) to make images.  
- Learned how to distort images  

Are you providing a roadmap for your contributions and what you are generating and learning?  
- Wrote Documentations for [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)  
- Hard to document how to make animations  

Are you participating in community activities such as code reviews and the discussion forum?  
- Large participation in the private Group Me developers chat
